README.md, before:

# TEA-React-Project

## Built With

- Next.js
- Typescript
- MUI
- [OMDb API](https://www.omdbapi.com)

## Features

- ServerSide Rendering
- Infite Scrolling through pagination on the Search screen
- Custom MUI theme changes
- Next.js pages and query strings

## Approach

I decided to approach this challenge through itertations. These iterations can be seen in the branches that are included in the repo. I also have details about each branch and iteration in the the /docs directory if you would like to learn more.

I took this apporach so that at each stage of the process I would have a working solution. I think it's imporant in software developement to always start with working parts. That way, if timelines get moved up, you can deliver working solutions at any given time. It also gives you more time to work on extra features since you have already completed the mvp for the project.

Here are the branches listed in order of developement.

1. mvp
2. improved-search
3. infinite-scroll

## Run/Develope Locally

1. First, make sure to clone this repo on your local machine

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Mark-Mulligan/tea-react-project.git
```

2. Next, make sure to install all the app dependcies using a node package manager

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# etc
```

3. Create a .env.local file in the root of the project. Make sure to copy the .env.example for the variables. Most of the variables in the example have values that work for local development. You will need to get an api key from [OMDb API](https://www.omdbapi.com). You can follow the insturctions [here](https://www.omdbapi.com/apikey.aspx) to get your key for development. Free keys have a limit of 1000 request per day.

4. To start the instance locally, run the following command

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn run dev
# etc
```

If all the steps above were followed correctly, you should have a working version of the app running on your system. Navigate to localhost:3000 in the browser to view the app.

## Learn More About Next

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

Commit message:

added test for movie search api route

README.md, after:

# TEA-React-Project

## Built With

- Next.js
- Typescript
- MUI
- [OMDb API](https://www.omdbapi.com)

## Features

- ServerSide Rendering
- Infinite Scrolling through pagination on the Search screen
- Custom MUI theme changes
- Next.js pages and query strings

## Approach

I decided to approach this challenge through itertations. These iterations can be seen in the branches that are included in the repo. I also have details about each branch and iteration in the the /docs directory if you would like to learn more.

I took this approach so that at each stage of the process I would have a working solution. I think it's imporant in software developement to always start with working parts. That way, if timelines get moved up, you can deliver working solutions at any given time. It also gives you more time to work on extra features since you have already completed the mvp for the project.

Here are the branches listed in order of developement.

1. mvp
2. improved-search
3. infinite-scroll

## Run/Develope Locally

1. First, make sure to clone this repo on your local machine

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Mark-Mulligan/tea-react-project.git
```

2. Next, make sure to install all the app dependencies using a node package manager

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
# etc
```

3. Create a .env.local file in the root of the project. Make sure to copy the .env.example for the variables. Most of the variables in the example have values that work for local development. You will need to get an api key from [OMDb API](https://www.omdbapi.com). You can follow the instructions [here](https://www.omdbapi.com/apikey.aspx) to get your key for development. Free keys have a limit of 1000 request per day.

4. To start the instance locally, run the following command

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn run dev
# etc
```

If all the steps above were followed correctly, you should have a working version of the app running on your system. Navigate to localhost:3000 in the browser to view the app.

## Testing

There are a series of unit and integration tests featured to check the functionality of the application. These tests are located in the **tests** directory. Note that some tests will need to use environment variables, so you will need to add a .env file (separate from the .env.local file though you can copy the contents from the .env.local file directly).
To run all tests, run the following command:

```bash
npm run test
```

You can also run individual tests suites using the jest CLI. More information on that can be found [here](https://jestjs.io/docs/cli). You may need to install this globally if you don't already have it on your machine.

## Learn More About Next

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!
